Our uniform ranges a lot from clothes that you wear everyday like this,
these are camouflage, this is a camouflage shirt that I'm wearing
and matching pants and really hard, rock hard boots to make sure that
you don't stub your toe. And you can go on up to your dress blues
which is like when you're going to a very special occasion, maybe some
kind of ceremony, that you need to look very presentable, you wouldn't
work in your dress blues. So other uniforms that we wear, I wear
khakis. Chiefs which is E7, E8, E9 and officers they've wear things
call khakis, which is like a nice pressed uniform, it's brown with
white instead of this blue, and matching pants. You can work in them
but generally those are people that kind of oversee people working.
The workers on the other hand they can wear these things called coveralls,
which is it brings you back to your five year old days, which
is like a one piece body suit. You can put one leg in, one leg in,
put your arms in, then zip it all the way up and coveralls look like
the things that people that change oil, their clothes, they wear.
So if you think about someone changing your oil, he gets on that like
sliding machine thing, then goes up under the car. That whole entire
uniform is, that's what coveralls look like, and they're all blue,
except they're for the Navy.